big brother
Are you talking about the Su family inheritance?
Man Su Mingzhe, right?
I said, you are really thick-skinned.
My cousin's a billion-dollar business at the touch of a finger.
And it's your kind of stall that you can recognize
If you say it, you are not afraid that others will laugh at Sunan.
Even I don't have Su Mingzhe's phone number.
How dare a housewife pretend to know him
Why did Su Mingzhe patronize your business?
That's because you're not qualified at all
Meet my brother
Doesn't mean I'm fake
Enough, then get out of here
One more look at you
I feel sick
Come on, what are you still doing?
Hurry up and throw my dirty thing away
Let go. I can walk.
By the way, what about the things I left at Gu's house? Give them back to me.
You think we'll covet your stuff?
Get out
From now on, you are not allowed to step into the Gu family again
Guo Weicheng
Don't kneel in front of me and beg me to go home
I will definitely bring down the Gu family